For twelve years, you have been asking: Who is John Galt? This is John Galt speaking. 
I am the man who loves his life. I am the man who does not sacrifice his love or his 
values. I am the man who has deprived you of victims and thus has destroyed your world, 
and if you wish to know why you are perishing-you who dread knowledge-I am the man who 
will now tell you.” The chief engineer was the only one able to move; he ran to a 
television set and struggled frantically with its dials. But the screen remained empty; 
the speaker had not chosen to be seen. Only his voice filled the airways of the country-
of the world, thought the chief engineer-sounding as if he were speaking here, in this 
room, not to a group, but to one man; it was not the tone of addressing a meeting, but 
the tone of addressing a mind.
You have heard it said that this is an age of moral crisis. You have said it yourself, 
half in fear, half in hope that the words had no meaning. You have cried that man’s sins 
are destroying the world and you have cursed human nature for its unwillingness to 
practice the virtues you demanded. Since virtue, to you, consists of sacrifice, you have 
demanded more sacrifices at every successive disaster. In the name of a return to morality,
 you have sacrificed all those evils which you held as the cause of your plight. You have 
 sacrificed justice to mercy. You have sacrificed independence to unity. You have sacrificed 
 reason to faith. You have sacrificed wealth to need. You have sacrificed self-esteem to self-
 denial. You have sacrificed happiness to duty.
You have destroyed all that which you held to be evil and achieved all that which you held to
 be good. Why, then, do you shrink in horror from the sight of the world around you? That 
 world is not the product of your sins, it is the product and the image of your virtues. It is
 your moral ideal brought into reality in its full and final perfection. You have fought for it,
 you have dreamed of it, and you have wished it, and I-I am the man who has granted you your wish.
Your ideal had an implacable enemy, which your code of morality was designed to destroy. 
I have withdrawn that enemy. I have taken it out of your way and out of your reach. I have 
removed the source of all those evils you were sacrificing one by one. I have ended your battle.
 I have stopped your motor. I have deprived your world of man’s mind.
Men do not live by the mind, you say? I have withdrawn those who do. The mind is impotent, you 
say? I have withdrawn those whose mind isn’t. There are values higher than the mind, you say? I 
have withdrawn those for whom there aren’t.
While you were dragging to your sacrificial altars the men of justice, of independence, of reason,
 of wealth, of self-esteem-I beat you to it, I reached them first. I told them the nature of the 
 game you were playing and the nature of that moral code of yours, which they had been too 
 innocently generous to grasp. I showed them the way to live by another morality-mine. It is mine 
 that they chose to follow.
All the men who have vanished, the men you hated, yet dreaded to lose, it is I who have taken them
 away from you. Do not attempt to find us. We do not choose to be found. Do not cry that it is our
 duty to serve you. We do not recognize such duty. Do not cry that you need us. We do not consider 
 need a claim. Do not cry that you own us. You don’t. Do not beg us to return. We are on strike, 
 we, the men of the mind.
We are on strike against self-immolation. We are on strike against the creed of unearned rewards 
and unrewarded duties. We are on strike against the dogma that the pursuit of one’s happiness is 
evil. We are on strike against the doctrine that life is guilt.
There is a difference between our strike and all those you’ve practiced for centuries: our strike 
consists, not of making demands, but of granting them. We are evil, according to your morality. We 
have chosen not to harm you any longer. We are useless, according to your economics. We have chosen 
not to exploit you any longer. We are dangerous and to be shackled, according to your politics. We 
have chosen not to endanger you, nor to wear the shackles any longer. We are only an illusion, 
according to your philosophy. We have chosen not to blind you any longer and have left you free to 
face reality-the reality you wanted, the world as you see it now, a world without mind.
We have granted you everything you demanded of us, we who had always been the givers, but have only 
now understood it. We have no demands to present to you, no terms to bargain about, no compromise to 
reach. You have nothing to offer us. We do not need you.
Are you now crying: No, this was not what you wanted? A mindless world of ruins was not your goal? 
You did not want us to leave you? You moral cannibals, I know that you’ve always known what it was 
that you wanted. But your game is up, because now we know it, too.
Through centuries of scourges and disasters, brought about by your code of morality, you have cried 
that your code had been broken, that the scourges were punishment for breaking it, that men were too 
weak and too selfish to spill all the blood it required. You damned man, you damned existence, you 
damned this earth, but never dared to question your code. Your victims took the blame and struggled on,
 with your curses as reward for their martyrdom-while you went on crying that your code was noble, but 
 human nature was not good enough to practice it. And no one rose to ask the question: 
 Good?-by what standard?
You wanted to know John Galt’s identity. I am the man who has asked that question.

